Prepare for 4.0.0 (#634)
Shopify/mobile-buy-sdk-android: MobileBuy/sample/README.md

ANDROID_PAY_PUBLIC_KEY=<your-android-pay-public-key>
ANDROID_PAY_ENVIRONMENT=com.google.android.gms.wallet.WalletConstants.<ENVIRONMENT_TEST OR ENVIRONMENT_PRODUCTION>
```

> ## Multi language support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supporting multiple langauges
```

> If your store supports multiple languages, Storefront API can return translated resource types and fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your store supports multiple languages, then the Storefront API can return translated content for supported resource types and fields.
```

> Learn more about [translating content](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/guides/multi-language/translating-content-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, refer to [_Managing translated content with GraphQL_](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/guides/multi-language/translating-content-api)
```

> To return translated content, `GraphClient#build` needs to receive a locale as an extra param. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To return translated content, include the `locale` parameter in `GraphClient#build`:
```

```
GraphClient.build(
  context = mockContext, 
  shopDomain = shopDomain, 
  accessToken = accessToken, 
  configure = {
    httpClient = okHttpClient

>   }

Reviewer: Do we need a comma here to separate the `locale` param from `configure`?
```suggestion
  },
```

Author: We do. Good catch

  locale = locale
)
```

> 

Reviewer: Might be nice to something along the lines of ```For example, when the `locale` param is set to `es`, the API returns the available Spanish translations.```
